*Note that current data insights revolve around a very early stage of the database. Insights are subject to change over time.

Topic Variety:
    Posts in the r/Economics subreddit cover a wide breadth of topics, as seen with the high concentration of posts not being filed under any of the 9
    most popular categories. However, there is a high concentration of posts related to "tech/AI" and "interest rates". However, the single most
    represented category (second only to "other") is "Trump/MAGA".

    This suggests that at the current moment, global economic discussions on social media have a particular interest in American government and  
    economic policy.  

    This also indicates that many people consider America's current economic policies to be critical to modern world economics.  


Surface-Level Engagement (Upvotes):
    *Context: Upvotes on Reddit are essentially a "like" system for posts. An upvote indicates that a user thinks the post should be seen by others.

    Trending posts that have a topic of "Trump/MAGA" or "interest rates" scored the most upvotes, beating out "other". "Tech/AI" also attracted  
    significant engagement, with posts with the topic of "job" and "recession" also notably attracting moderate engagement.  

    These results tell us that while posts unrelated to the other 9 topic groups are upvoted often, on average, Reddit users consider posts discussing   
    Trump's economic policies, interest rates, and tech to be more worthy of being shared.  

    The moderate amount of engagement around the job market and recessions indicates that people online are concerned about job/career prospects, and  
    that there may be some pessimism about the near future. 


Deep Engagement (Comments):
    *Context: Users can leave "comments" under a post, in order to comment on the contents of the post or to discuss the topic with other commenters.

    Comments left under posts defined as "other" far exceed the number left under posts discussing the usual most popular topics, such as tech,  
    interest rates, Trump, etc.  

    Behind "other", Trump/MAGA takes 2nd place. While not nearly as much as the first two categories, interest rates and tech-related posts also garner 
    significant discussion, with the "job" and "recession" topics having much lower but still notable levels of engagement.  

    This informs us that the above 5 categories tend to attract deep discussion and debates between social media users, and it seems that even posts with  
    more "generic" topics often encourage person-to-person engagement.  


Interesting Notes:
    When counting upvotes, topics like Trump, tech, and interest rates seemed to rival and even cross more general topics defined as "other" in terms of
    engagement.

    However, this changed with "other" taking the vast lead when it came to deep-engagement in the form of comment count.  

    This suggests that while posts relating to American economic policies, interest rates, and advancements in tech promote high levels of engagement,  
    they tend to cause "knee-jerk" immediate reactions (in the form of upvotes) a little more often than they attract deeper discussions.  